did you know that Mexico currently occupies the
obesity first place in the world
childish
this condition favors the appearance
of diseases such as diabetes type
2 infarcts high cholesterol levels
renal failure between exhaustion
others have heard again and again that
good nutrition is vital for
our children grow up healthy and strong and
that eating well benefits not only your
physical growth but also to its
intellectual and psychological development the
question is what is eating well what
it implies to take a good diet
of stripes challenges again you because
we have to eat so many things
nutritious clear foods
nutrients give us energy in which
we found the fatty proteins
carbohydrates vitamins minerals
always new everything our body
you need to be healthy it's true now
remember the proteins you find in
foods of animal origin such as
cow that whistle the chicken the fish besides we
help us to be strong that
our cells are formed to play
also thanks are sources of
energy both those of plant origin and
animal but you have to be very careful
because if we eat too much fat
we could get sick the other day
Mom told me that it is also important
eat foods that contain
carbohydrates sing up to serial
etcetera so we can keep running and
jumping like we like so much
and your mom did not tell you one of the
vitamins and minerals
perhaps
I do not remember anything because the fruits and
vegetables are the foods that most
they have vitamins and minerals and
we need to eat a lot of this so that
our body can absorb and use
all these fat proteins and carmela
it's not that our body requires what
that I also love the deadly ones
he likes them a lot when they lower me
prepared rich to take me to the
school if I like it too much
my mother of 7 seconds and sports
Good nutrition requires
satisfy a need based on
a balanced and varied diet
this feeding must be complete this
it means that you have all the groups
food and therefore all
This is achieved by including the
less one food from each group in one
food must also be balanced or
is not to consume more than one or another group
food
we must also take care that it is
enough remember that you have to
cover the nutritional needs of
each person according to age sex
stature physical activity or state
physiological another consideration
important is to offer variety ie
include in each meal the
three food groups that
we will explain in a moment there is
also take care that the food is
hygienic is to say that food is
prepare serve and consume with cleanliness
finally you have to offer food
suitable to different tastes
customs and availability of
same
to close this part let's recap that
a good diet to make
healthy should be complete balanced
enough varied hygienic and adequate
then we will tackle the theme of the dish
of good eating tool made by
the health secretary that represents
graphically in the three groups of
food and in what portion should we
to ingest we will begin with the
vegetables and fruits that are source of
natural vitamins , minerals and fiber and
that help the good functioning of the
human body is important to know that
we should consume more vegetables than fruits
since these second ones contain more
sugar which in large quantities
it can be harmful we continue with the
group of cereals and tubers such
like bread oat pastas potato omelette
etc
These are the main source of energy
that the body uses to perform
your daily activities
and finally there is the group of
legumes and foods of animal origin
and these can be pea beans
meat chicken egg fish among others
these foods provide
mainly proteins that are
necessary for growth and for
tissue formation and repair
finally we will give four strategies
very useful to improve the feeding
at home
strategy 1 have a good home
food availability
this means that there are always vegetables
and fruits within reach of children as well
how to avoid foods like pancakes
soft drinks and sweets although these
foods may seem small have
a lot of layoffs and thanks
strategy 2 make a menu fun
Take your time to cut and model
some figures on the child's plate
will succeed in motivating you for engineering
foods that normally do not taste
strategy 3 milk is very important
at this stage since it generates the
Calcium reserves for adult life
motivate your child to ingest products
dairy products in the case of milk avoid
use it with sugar or chocolate instead
of this make smoothies with fruits like
banana or strawberry
The fourth and final strategy is
allow children to choose their dishes
and cutlery remember that adults and
Children should eat in different
lots so with this strategy
is motivating the little one with a plate
own that he chooses and in this way
he can also learn to regulate his
portions
the dish that the child chooses should be
simple avoiding the drawings and colors
since this can distract your attention
in the food
so we finish this little tutorial
on child nutrition
We hope you have been to his liking and
that will be very useful thank you very much